# Fintech-GO
<b>Resume</b>  <br/> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Education is the foundation of a healthy society. Education influences our lives, ourcommunities and, implicitly, our future. Thus, it is important to develop all branches of educationfor a grand flourishing of future generations.
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Unfortunately, financial education hasbeen and still is an unaddressed school subject inmost European countries, including Romania; and this will have a negative impact on future generations, on their way of managing their income. Non-exposure in the financial environmentwill significantly affect the way a citizen will interact with the banking system or the means ofcontact with investment institutions.
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The application for calculating financial independence offers the opportunity to those whowant to get in touch with the financial field, an interactive program with all the functionalitiesnecessary for a first contact with the finance field, which can bedownloaded from Google Play onyour personal android tablet or phone.The user has the possibility to use his knowledge in the financial field, by accessing thenotifications he will receive. Usually, the notifications will redirect the user in the application, inan application window that will contain a page of a news site, containing important and current information on some events and how they had an economic impact ; or interesting blogs where theuser can enrich their knowledge in the field of finance.
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Also, the user has the possibility to test theacquired knowledge through the application, perform technical analyzes using graphs provided bythe program's functionalities;following which to make predictions about an action or stock marketindex and to intelligibly invest, following the analyzes made, the incomes in a long-term incomesource, through the functionality present in the same page with the graphs provided by theapplication. During this long process, the user is offered the opportunity to create notes about thestage and evolution of some economic analyzes made.For a better management of revenues, the user is offered the option of limiting expenses, so that the client of the application can not make transactions that exceed the limit set by him, or the one set through the application, which predicts a convenient limit for his salary and bank account.In addition, the user can see a graph with his daily expenses , to observe the fluctuation of the amounts spent daily.
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The application offers the client a pleasant interaction with him, as the user is offered thefunctionalities of creating or modifying the profile and the possibility to change the password or e-mail address. It can also be authenticated through the social platform Facebook and Google, thus taking overcertain personal information, for the automatic completion of information from the user's profile.
<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>The architecture of the application</b> is client-server, taking the OSI reference model, in which the first participant is represented by the client application and the certain React Native application, and the second is the server located on the cloud in Firebase or the server developed in Node.js. The important data is stored in the database of the Firebase platform, Realtime Database, and the insignificant ones in the phone's memory, using SQLite. External information on stock market developments is stored via the Node.js server and mongoose data mapping technology in a MongoDB database.
